D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.deps.json
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.dll
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\ref\Imaging.dll
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.pdb
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\DataFormatter.dll
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\ExtendedSystemObjects.dll
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\FileHandler.dll
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\Mathematics.dll
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\DataFormatter.pdb
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\FileHandler.pdb
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\Mathematics.pdb
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\ExtendedSystemObjects.pdb
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.AssemblyInfo.cs
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.dll
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\ref\Imaging.dll
D:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.pdb
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.deps.json
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.dll
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.pdb
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\DataFormatter.dll
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\ExtendedSystemObjects.dll
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\FileHandler.dll
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\Mathematics.dll
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\DataFormatter.pdb
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\FileHandler.pdb
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\Mathematics.pdb
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\bin\Debug\net5.0-windows\ExtendedSystemObjects.pdb
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.dll
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\refint\Imaging.dll
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\Imaging.pdb
c:\Users\peter.geinitz\Work Folders\My Documents\Projects\CoreLibrary\Imaging\obj\Debug\net5.0-windows\ref\Imaging.dll
